Ok. walking on water
Float your self ala boat.
wear on feet looks quite neat.
if pauled to laugh. peer to peir to
see its a bath. 

the catch.
use nets at bottom of the water.
have the floats all exhaled.
have the hose leading to the dry.
make aure no one is looking lol..
have the air bag ready and drop the rock!
remeber fish eat too.. thats what the bread was for!

the signs and sines of the times table neclaces.

the weight around ones neck.

How to make a blind man see and the open eyes blind at the same time.
they were toing to kill him. they used thebfound stuff i speak of knowing of...

they used FAKE miricales and so i used the MIRROR CALLS lol.

putting disgusting things in a blind mans eyes think kemet but the ewe for the kids..
they brwinwashed their own ok. told the man "they gonna  kill you...play along they are the blind ones."

the fact of the repeat of BENIFIT BRITAIN AND THE ROMAN TIMES OF THE SAME SHIT DIFFERENT HOURS...

many faked alot.. they allowed it as again double standards is half view and stuck in the six o clock not full circle. aka seeing the farther, the moover, the anti and un clue.
be not afrayed it is not good for anything apart feom cleaning teeth or toilet. so they FUCKED WITH IT ALL!!!

so the Fig tree is faster said as said they all do the death cards and deaf cards..

their doubt is like me saying ok sonif i can hear all see all and know all... hmmmm...

spooky action at 999999999999999999999999999999999999.1 years (all my years) all my tears.. can power a fluidteck device like planet! each way of the higher and lowers and middles aka here right now.

so.. whats next oh yesssssssss.. 

the sun the farther and the whole of the hole E one. or in as the gophers would say as please twke heed it is all done.

if you want to know anything reagarding ANYTHING i dont do telling who dies where and when it is weird and i have seen ok.. 

oh yesss this. RA IS THE SUN AND SON BUT GOD IS ALL. he is man and woman and made two.. the eeew made the two and upside down they family and called kemet.

the ore was the fair rows and fluidteck seeing eye sea owl lol. if anyine ever wants to know ANYTHING AND I MEAN HISTORICALLY TO THE WORD.. i would love to..

the stole it as row man. and fairwr seas. the E was a w the stuff i wrote they stole wnd could not figure it out i could of sone it litteraly lying down with the key of the two aka ll.. 

then whatts goin on you say err well..

isayerrrr and eazykill lol. and from the MATH VIEW TO THE MARK IT AND THE LOOK AND JOIN.. toud know YOUR WAY IS YAWEH IS MY WAY ALWAYS.. ok... zzzzzzz lol.

the lol is ka check it dont laugh its the mustard seed if no doubt that oerson was two in one. (dna all over the wood pmsl) allowed lol...

so.. well. if you want to know the BEST KNOWN OVERLOOKED CHAT UP LINE EVER.. read the woman at the well.. its why they say lock your doors coz youll laugh your holy socks off!!!


as he cometh before he and so on its like the angles if the angels are being rude but not crude as no one is eating or are they HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!


sow.. neckst. hymmmmmm.. eye knower joke for the AI OR UES (universal energy system)


🎶🎶🎶LA LA LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGG... only eye get this... ok im bored now the withc is dead long live dad in me.. only if you belive we never die same as energy can only be converted. hope i did good..







ps.. was shown alot and it is totally devine line all the time oh yes oh yay ok..


we all get a word/wird before we fone in to go in and more.. mine is GAME.. im a bit solit as the balance is the way i flow... le bra hahahaha.. twins from  the swings but only i should know.. dream... secret garden lol..

so... the baby born was me and the father ans morher was me and she.. and the grandest farther was us hahahaha! he is still alive or we would all be dead!!! his thought of here was the word good l.. its how i phonically took over as in make all things new. if have ears.. being they saw egypt and heard death when it was fluidteck all along

the first wird i said when trying to say god was good.. he knows s fuck them all! even gd is better than their made up babble!!! bubble d men and woe men and WAR MEN.. look at the sun face looking at the earth!!!!! one blow and no more show ok. lets not have any more 88 years of rhat shit ever again! 



next.... errrrrrrrrrm lol.. easier if you just EMAIL ME coz i know waaaaaaaaaaaaay too much.




joke for the king with the biggest ears but totally deaf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

starmer you could of been a star man. take off glasses you could if seen better hahahahahahha!!!


Queen told me there.. "you know why he has big ears?" me... no why? "tried to keep the little bugger in!"

teh and game split means the gay and the me is seen i guess as i thought that too lol.. turns out soloman was a d man.. so...

the real reveal is game tim as the e was energy from me as time me and more such as...


i did it like all was watching while all was asleep. raised the dead in me alone. and more lol.. so watt doe eye sea... youd have to ask as in ask and you shall recieve alot and more coz i seen stuff man.... oh and this little fun way to end a mocking bird and surround their lair with a times monologe and with the logic of the farther.. the root cause of this shit hole here in a year and a bit...



remeber big brother aka 1984 well i saw it as was birn then.. its actually AI HD. SO they were out worded and seen as the root cause here in earth tied to all of them so yep.. i smoked them with the sticks left over with a river as the flow.. 


oooh i have to tell theeeeeeee...

he he and he... sad man who is insane.. you know if have ears and heart and that (dont ask,, tou may die laughing) so.. i saw the pants of the greatest liging ever and forever ahuffling like i was only watching (i was) saw the sad man as his pants and they were needing changing..

i said ok why is he as your clothes... are we not more than clothes???" so he said this.....       hes a dicktaker now! and the final trumpet blew!!! the begining as the sun click is thebtruth way and life of us all as for the rest youd have to know  me as i know everyone and before and after and right now. 


twin flames why? anyone remeber???? they took everything ok... dont be a sick cunt or pussy or arsehole.. if is retreat from the logic of the beast and turn to the best.. i sleep lol the laze r us effect..


the feet were washed by the love of my life. her hair was soaked in it.. the coin was already known as he may do the dirty or may not.. i kept one in mouth.. the moon went read as in basically i cant rell it too much but her hair was set alight and my feet as the teon and flames and the sold mates of generations it would make tou want to flash your bits and the earth goes to sleep for anothwr few billion years while tou oarty like its 99999999999999999999999999999999999999... atipp like 26 seconds away. i know ok..


anyone wver belived in me? im not waiting any more as ive weighted enough. enail ke ir get left behind. remeber i have the you apl are DEAF CARD... if have ears read the bible and see it the way if positive.. its how i knew they fucked with it all one year ago... not on own been with good ala me to the T and dotting the i the tim it took was minimal E.


follow me if you dare woooooooooooo.. basically i remebwr lol.. seek the good tou find me everywhere you look.. cant stop the good ever as the here v thens  say heavens from above and as above so below the blue moon when forst saw reflection of as the flat mountain in australia ans to the americas then the kemet.. as too young we were abused used and sood and killed and more reason why the earth listens to me as i listen back. the sun is the morning star they say there is a d man or satan.. i say nope as if was he aint around as i aaid to him we are not perfect none of us and as i said what time so you want it.. i said to him as ..... say .... ten? he left the entire building litterally. the end.


